what
of my name is Dan today I just wanted to
talk
eyefinity ati's Xfinity um the other day
I bought a graphics card from FXX the
the HD 6850 wonderful card by the way
but um I did a decent amount of research
before picking up the card cuz I wanted
to run three screens or more which is
what I finally dies and I found nothing
but wrong graphic wrong advice um going
from the DisplayPort adapters and
there's several different kinds of
DisplayPort adapters what ports can be
used what else you know overclocking the
whole nine yards and it was out of
control I had to make several trips to a
city paterson new jersey which is around
50 minutes later with store get several
different adapters try several different
things out nothing worked up until
yesterday and nine o'clock of the
morning I went back after I thing came
back and sure enough it worked first of
all if you don't know what I affinity is
I affinity is when you take the screen a
native screen resolution from one screen
and you spread it across three or more
you can even do too but everything
you're looking at in the center is going
to be split amongst the tip just to show
you an example of what I'm talking about
if we look at my computer now I'm
currently running world of warcraft
across the three screens it allows you
to see much more on this side on this
side it really helped out in arena pvp s
instances the whole nine yards and by
the way I can't find my webcam so my
camcorder will have to do today so let's
get started with what you need graphics
cards will only accept two analog ports
which is considered which they consider
DVI and vga so what happens is I'm
running 3v DVI monitors I'm running an
apple cinema display and to Sony 20
inches and it didn't work to would show
up the third wouldn't even be detected
no idea why I bought all the adapters
for it everything like that and then um
I read online that you need a
displayport now there's a youtube video
online with some kid playing dead space
or a dead space to whichever one of
those and he says it doesn't matter what
DisplayPort you buy it
they all do the same and he can't be
more wrong the two that i know of off
the top of my head are analog or native
display ports and then what's considered
active display ports the first display
port i bought was from inland and it
costs around ten dollars from
microcenter in patterson and what it'll
do is it'll take a vga or DVI signal and
it'll converted to a DisplayPort single
but apparently computers have the
ability to know that it is still a VGA
so after you've hooked it up I was still
having the same issues even though I was
using a DisplayPort what happens is it
knew that it was a VGA next I did some
further research and then they talked
about active display ports which I from
what I gather will take the signal from
our vga or DVI and a little trick the
graphics are into thinking it's actually
a DisplayPort monitor display for
monitors start off at one hundred and
eighty dollars on newegg com completely
ridiculous for 20 inches so I couldn't
find an active display port so what i
did is i figured i would go buy an apple
displayport adapter thinking apple is
extremely expensive and they make okay
things sure enough that did not work
either so now that is two trips so then
my third trip I found one from a company
that I will list down below in the
comments or in the description rather um
and it is an active display port it was
twenty-nine ninety-nine and it works
like a charm so do not get inland do not
get Apple do not give any display port
unless it clearly states out of this an
active display port um I mean really
that is about it is the fact that you do
need an active display port like i said
i will link it down below in the
description and i think this will be the
only youtube video i will be making if
you want to subscribe or rape do
whatever you guys need to do but i
appreciate it and if you guys have any
comments or questions you know go ahead
and post it i'll get it straight to my
email and i'll have no problem answering
you alright guys have a good day now
really quick i'm just going to show you
a couple gameplay footage with the the
extended resolution and mind you fraps
causes a huge hit
performance dead island runs at a
consistent 70 frames per second
completely maxed out League of Legends
is capped out at 60 and it never dips
below world of warcraft is a consistent
you know 70 frames per second in the
middle of the trade district in a you
know stormwind but uh here's some
gameplay footage
wrong with you
you
youtube its me